A barrage is a set of projectiles fired by ships when activating a skill. Aside from dealing damage, some barrages may provide debuffs such as burn, slow, flood, etc. Barrages are affected by ship stats, but are not affected by weapon efficiencies. Barrages can be upgraded via [[Limit Break]] or the [[Academy]], depending on the barrage.

== Details ==
Some notes regarding the barrage chart below:
* Every Vanguard Fleet ship has a gun-based barrage skill, which is triggered by a specified number of shots or volleys from their Main Gun. Limit Breaks decrease the number of shots needed to activate the skill, and additionally increase the barrage's damage.
** Read ship skills on an individual ship's page for more information. Alternatively, you can also read [[Skills|this page]].
* Values listed below assume the entire barrage hits an enemy. Some ships with seemingly high barrage damage may in fact deal less in actual combat due to the nature of their barrage. Eldridge's, for instance, fires in a radial pattern instead of frontal, which has a chance to miss more enemies and decrease its actual damage value.
* AP barrages are specified below as to whether they pierce (penetrate through an enemy to hit others behind it) or not. The chance for additional effects is also displayed.
* Ships with multi-part barrages (more than one type of bullet) have all parts and individual damage values listed.
* Shrapnel: Bullet changes into a different bullet (eg Sanshikidan, Kiroshima, Helena META).  Both parts are listed.
* Note that all barrages' damage values are in their upgraded form (II).
* '''Aimed can be overridden by the skill, so the value listed below may not be accurate in practice'''

== List of Barrages ==
{{Mbox|inline=1|type=high|text=Due to how complicated game code is, we cannot guarantee absolute correctness or accuracy for the information in this table. If there are any errors, feel free to give us feedback!}}


{{#invoke:ShipBarrage|list
| shipCol = 1
}}


== Reference ==
* Credits to MrLar and Riceist for compiling all barrage information ([https://github.com/MrLar/AzurLaneData/blob/main/data/barrages.json MrLar's AzurLaneData], [[User:Riceist/BarrageDatamine|Riceist's Barrage Datamine]]).
* Credits to Hayashi#8923 and Enbayft#2527 on Discord for compiling early barrage charts ([https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/451152615502512140/477624033047740447/Barrages.png Hayashi's old chart 1] and [https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/451152615502512140/482322837429026817/Skills.png old chart 2], [https://github.com/Enbayft/Random-AL-Stuff/blob/master/BarrageChart.xlsx Enbayft's old chart on Github]).
* [https://wiki.biligame.com/blhx/%E5%85%A8%E8%88%B9%E5%85%A8%E5%BC%B9%E5%8F%91%E5%B0%84%EF%BC%8C%E4%B8%93%E5%B1%9E%E5%BC%B9%E5%B9%95%EF%BC%8C%E6%8A%80%E8%83%BD%E5%BC%B9%E5%B9%95%E6%80%A7%E8%83%BD%E4%B8%80%E8%A7%88 Original chart (from Chinese wiki)]
